and i am clausen head of the
special commission and from today i am
responsible for the unresolved internist
cell of the last year in six days
our kiln will finally
go offline this is a drastic experience for all of us
everything at
ground level is not touched anyway
and later part of the green  Meadow the
radiation of the barrels will lead to the
previous use of the
basin everything is connected
you me past and future
[music]
apocalypse it has to happen
you have doubts
[music]
the missing pages from the book you
have to find them
to stabilize the said
in the stable state a
kind of portal arises which possibly allows the
travel through time to be easy to
understand when you have seen that
it is the greatest the reason for the decision
and at the same time
it is possible to travel through time
you have to then instead of
you  don't have much time with regina
[music]
mostly does everything  no sense but sitting
there is maybe the only way
to get back home i
die in there or out there makes a
difference
yes
no more fear of him it
'll be blood the same you ca
n't choose your family to free yourself from
blood means
you have to free yourself, you don't have to go to me now
that only has time my mother loves you
you know that
hong kongs never said their name, pleasant ulrich nielsen and i
come from the future if you think
adam will settle down then you will
you have to be your side  like for
you there is no redemption
i know where the last pages are and
i know how long it has been looking
for claudia in return
that you say that i want to go back
before the new cycle begins
director
where i yes
you knew it  that he is
very betrayed here
i am not one of the number 1 best
nor
charlotte
[music
] she had the pages with it
[music]
agnes go and
let me know but which one we have 19 21
[music]
i'm jonas your son and then I think
that will last for almost 32 years
is she opens you know about it
you want to go home
what do you say at least
first you are
traveling
you want to  finally have an answer
[music
] traveling does not pass you without a
trace the human body is
not made for it in the long run are you
i am that is massive at the moment
then show us how it works
[music]
the 33 years of waiting for this
moment is the question  not how but when
[music]
i'm just i know who you are when you
were born you can't
give you great chances
you came too early almost funny i
have visited you every year eight yes so
time because the akw jonas everything will be
the apocalypse will happen again i have to destroy adam
so that everyone will
not only live in the bunker
no
not i will come back
i am not home it is not the
same as that in the future
It was, so to speak, his twin
that came into being in the future due to the
catastrophe in two days that you
absolutely want to prevent
that we have made ourselves here,
but the end will
send you to exactly the day you
want to travel is the twentieth in 33
year cycle  june 2009 10
the day before everything happened we
have to stop being
able to take our own life
then everything that follows won't
happen
[music]
i know everything
i know that your real name is to
use media
i know that you want to hang on to the
studio  have you already written the letter
there are
big bows hanging together but you that you
kill yourself that is the beginning
how did you find the passage there
more time
you brought me all the way to the door
through the tunnel maybe you
i can here  to stop him
first to show what I can where it but
if we do not happen then you
will not be born and maybe is  one
or in old much commissioner than you
think you are you belong to adam
there are two sides out there
he has here says it depends here will and
exactly to trigger everything again as it
always happens that can't be
we all have to spend
dear jonas  when you read this everything has
already happened irretrievably it
can no longer be changed
our truth in order to survive
try to forget until it no longer works
we can say what his
task is in all this on which way
you really send him we all know
comes  has to spend
[music]
is someone
i can see now i may see you
after your beginning
katharina nielsen he told you
a brother is the son of his
brother my grandchildren and a nephew i
'm so sorry i love you resemblances
with him  but not what are you doing there
call in the guard to do the hut
you are a victim brings
everything is ascribed is already
banking probably against everyone  it sounds pretty much
the wise devil
you are still traveling back to where i
come from i have lost
everything all i want is a new beginning
in the future
you have to go now
a warrant for the
nuclear power plant i can't prove
that i killed my brother
but  i get them for what happened here
last twelve months i
'm taught everything
for the future in the past
or music bands want to create a new world
you and me we want to
save this let me used let me do all
these things but i know
what now  i have to do
[music]
today is a daughter
she is elisabeth's daughter and her
mother
agnes we cannot escape our destiny
the passage reopened that is why he went
through the means
he also said that we will become
friends before I get hurt
he is the savior  you are the savior
only from marta
you have to advise her father magnus
franziska me  and agnes
this cycle has to be closed
so that the next cycle begins
why do you want the future to happen again
because what is
created today it is the beginning of the end i can lead you
in the future to your new
determinations
at the end of this world i am the  the trigger
for you to become that so I
should have
but I'm here to save you from
the apocalypse
what an apocalypse
[music]
only later we have to get away
the question is not from what time
but from what world
[  Music]